○Privacy Policy

Updated on September 20, 2016, this Privacy Policy is effective immediately for users registering accounts after that date and will become effective on September 20, 2016.

This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you in connection with your use of our services, including those offered through our websites, emails, and mobile applications (collectively, the "Service"). The terms "we", "us", and "WorldI" refer to WorldI Inc., a corporation headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
 When you use the Service, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT

We may collect and store information about you when you use the Service. We use the information to fulfill your requests, provide the Service’s functionality, improve the Service’s quality, personalize your experience, track usage of the Service, provide feedback to third party businesses that are listed on the Service, display relevant advertising, market the Service, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems and allow for disaster recovery, enhance the security of the Service, and comply with legal obligations.

Among the information we collect, note please :

Account Information: If you create an account on Try ramen hunter, we may store and use your full name, email address, zip code, and other information you may provide with your account, such as your gender and birth date. Your first name and last initial, as well as any photo you submit through the registration process, will be publicly displayed as part of your account profile. You can modify some of the information associated with your account. If you believe that someone has created an unauthorized account depicting you or your likeness, you can request its removal by flagging it.

Public Content: The information that you contribute through the Service is intended for public consumption, including your reviews, photos, videos, points, comments, likes, bookmarks, friends, lists, compliments, and account profile. We may display this information through the Service, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.

Activity: We may store information about your use of the Service, such as your search activity, the pages you view, and the date and time of your visit.
We also may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Service, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, phone number, unique device identifier, advertising identifier, location (including geolocation, beacon based location, and GPS location), and requested and referring URLs. You may be able to disallow our use of certain location data through your device or browser settings, for example by disabling “Location Services” for Try ramen hunter application in iOS privacy settings.

2. COOKIES

We, and third parties with whom we partner, may use cookies, web beacons, tags, scripts, local shared objects such as HTML5 and Flash (sometimes called "flash cookies"), advertising identifiers (including mobile identifiers such as Apple’s IDFA or Google’s Advertising ID) and similar technology ("Cookies") in connection with your use of the Service, third party websites, and mobile applications. Cookies may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your computer or mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our web pages. Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Service, such as your browser type, search preferences, IP address, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may be persistent or stored only during an individual session.

The purposes for which we use Cookies in the Service include:

Purpose	Explanation

Processes	Intended to make the Service work in the way you expect. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an account.

Authentication, Security, and ComplianceIntended to prevent fraud, protect your data from unauthorized parties, and comply with legal requirements. For example, we use Cookies to determine if you are logged in.
Preferences	Intended to remember information about how you prefer the Service to behave and look. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us whether you have declined to allow us to use your phone’s geolocation data.

Notifications	Intended to allow or prevent notices of information or options that we think could improve your use of the Service. For example, we use a Cookie that stops us from showing you the signup notification if you have already seen it.

Advertising	Intended to make advertising more relevant to users and more valuable to advertisers. For example, we may use Cookies to serve you interest-based ads, such as ads that are displayed to you based on your visits to other websites, or to tell us if you have recently clicked on an ad.

Analytics	Intended to help us understand how visitors use the Service. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your interactions with the search page.

Managing Cookies: It may be possible to disable some (but not all) Cookies through your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect the functionality of the Service. The method for disabling Cookies may vary by device and browser, but can usually be found in preferences or security settings. For example, iOS and Android devices each have settings which are designed to limit forms of ad tracking. For flash cookies, you can manage your privacy settings by clicking here. Please note that changing any of these settings does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.

3. THIRD PARTIES

Third parties may receive information about you as follows:

Advertisers: We may allow third parties to use Cookies through the Service to collect the same type of information for the same purposes as firefirestyle studio does for itself. In doing so, WorldI Inc adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Third parties may be able to associate the information they collect with other information they have about you from other sources. We do not necessarily have access to or control over the Cookies they use, but you may be able to opt out of some of their practices by visiting the following links: Network Advertising Initiative, Omniture, Digital Advertising Alliance and PrivacyChoice. Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you. Additionally, we may share non-personally identifiable information from or about you with third parties, such as location data, advertising identifiers, or a cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to facilitate the display of targeted advertising. You may be able to limit our sharing of some of this information through your mobile device settings.

Service Providers: We may rely on third party providers to support or provide some of the services that are available through the Service, such as paypal payment processing, our own marketing of the Service, and other functions. We may share information from or about you with these third party providers so that they can perform their services or complete your requests. These third party providers may share information with us that they obtain from or about you in connection with providing their services or completing your requests. Third party providers may also share this information with their subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control. Some of our web pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to you from our third party providers, while preserving the look and feel of the Service. In such cases, please note that the information you provide is being provided to the third party.

Aggregate Information: We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertisements.

Business Transfers: We may share information from or about you with joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires firefirestyle studio or all or substantially all of our assets, that company will possess the same information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

Businesses on Try ramen hunter: We may share information from or about you (such as your age and gender), your devices, and your use of the Service (such as which businesses you bookmark or call) with businesses listed on Try ramen hunter. You may adjust your settings to increase or decrease the amount of information we share. You can view these settings and find more details about what information may be shared here. Keep in mind that businesses may see your Public Content and receive information about your transactions with them, regardless of your settings.

Investigations: We may investigate and disclose information from or about you if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure (a) is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; (b) is helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service; or (c) protects our rights, reputation, property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. If you flag or otherwise complain to Try ramen hunter project (WorldI Inc) about content through the Service, we may share the substance of your complaint with the contributor of that content in order to provide an opportunity for the contributor to respond.

Links: The Service may contain links to unaffiliated third party services. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with them, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on or applicable to all such third party services.

Third Party Accounts: If you sign up for Try ramen hunter using a third party service like Facebook, or link your Try ramen hunter account to your account with a third party service like Facebook or Twitter, we may receive information about you from such third party service.

4. CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account, if you include personal information in the content you post publicly. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Service pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to the Service.

5. DATA RETENTION AND ACCOUNT TERMINATION

You can close your account. We may remove your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile, but we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. For example, we may retain information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service or to comply with legal obligations.


6. CHILDREN

The Service is intended for general audiences over 18 years and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information regardless of parental consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information regardless of   parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.

7. SECURITY

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

8. CONTACT INFORMATION

If you believe that Try ramen hunter project (WorldI Inc) has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us online by writing to us at the following email address:

Email address; japantripuniversity@wordi-inc.com.
Entity; WorldI Inc.
Attn: President

9. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER

For users residing in the European Union, please note that the personal data information we mistakenly obtain from or about you may be transferred, processed and stored outside of the E.U.  If you notice this mistake, please contact us.
We will modify and remove personal data.

10. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Service prior to the effective date of the changes. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.


